You have to wake up there someone at the door. What's going on? It's not your boss
right? No. Hey I have a letter for Noah Christian Greer. Yep that's me. Thank you.
You are no Greer. Just let me explain. You had plenty of time to tell me that
you were CEO and yet you chose to lie to me. I'm actually not CEO anymore. My
dad's being a total dick and won't give me my job back until I marry someone.
Well that sucks for you I guess. Please don't go. I wanted this to change how we
felt last night. Don't we just have a nice long spot eh? I'm Eli Anderson. Your
mother is in asterisk critical condition. You should come asterisk to the hospital
right away. She's stable for now but we're out of capacity today. She has to be
transferred to a nearby clinic. I just sent the 50k that I have to the
insurance company like 60 seconds ago. A record show that your two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars overdue. We just can't be. She could die. She's staying. Your medical bills
are paid for. And get her to a better room for crying out loud. Yes. Understood Mr. Greer.
The shareholders of this hospital. Make sure your mom gets the best treatment
possible. I'll pay you back. Promise. Amy just wait up. I want to apologize for lying to you.
I was just having some fun. Yeah well. No. Last night was not a game. You know
it too. I actually really like you like a lot. Mom? She's coding in front of you. Mom? Mom please don't
leave me. She'll be okay. Trevor, mom is in the ICU. I'm sure they can save her. Yes I did but Trevor.
Mary and newer Greer. The best doctor in the world taking care of her right now. She'll be fine.
I just I don't know what I'm gonna do okay. I I don't want to be alone. No no hey.
You're not gonna be alone. Be right by your side. Every step of the way. I guess I
have no choice. Whoa. I gotta come from. You want to be the CEO right? We can make a trade.
I mean I do want my job back. No you really don't have to. Look I just wanted to pay for the bills just to
apologize for what I did. No it's it's the least that I can do it. Let's get married. She's
stable again for now. We're gonna keep an ICU just to be safe. Okay can I see her
now? Your mother needs some rest. I suggest that you come back tomorrow. We'll be
watching her throughout the night. That's good news. I guess I'll leave this time again. Good
morning here for a marriage certificate. We are. All right cool. First thing I just need
your signatures. This is the big day. Monday. It's just to get my. You all are
married. Enjoy your day. Thank you. So Mrs. Greer I want to give you the perfect
wedding. I'm talking about a beautiful wedding dress. A boatload of champagne and
a big old diamond ring. I owe you seriously. I not not so fast. There is a merger and
acquisition deal going on for the Greer Corp. We need you to change that to a
complete buyout. It was a wife now. Figure it's out. No you keep threatening her
family but I'm starting to think you're just protecting yourself. I wouldn't
doubt me. Happy now? Congratulations son. Who's the bride? It doesn't matter. Okay I
got married. I want my job back. This kid. Find out who this Amy girl is. Want to know
everything about it. Right away sir. Glad you guys can make it. All right. Mr.
Matthews. I heard your team is in charge of finding the venue. How's that coming
along? It's coming along very well. Thank you. I think I found the perfect
location. He's earned. Quite beautiful. And you found this. Is that correct? Yes I
did. Sure by myself. That's strange because I don't recall giving you permission
to use my house as a venue. Amy. Oh my goodness. How could you steal pictures of
Mr. Greer's house? Mr. Greer I am so sorry. She's new obviously and if you
could please just forgive her. But I thought you said that. You're the one that found me.
And not my wife. Well I think what I'm doing is taking one for the team as it were.
It's alright. I think you're saying what? Since you're such a team player. Why don't you
take this one for the team? You're fired. No Matthews. Effective immediately. Mr. Greer
hold on a second. Let me explain to you why this happened. What are you doing here? You
can leave now. That's taken care of. I'd like to officially announce that me and
Amy Clark here are getting married. Okay. Okay. Also on that note we are also
changing the theme of the party to a wedding. Everyone here is invited. Alright I'll see you
then. I cannot believe that you just fired my boss like that. That asshole had it
coming and I have to do right by my wife. So I was thinking since he don't have a
boss anymore. I'd like to be my new secretary. Now that is an interesting
proposition. Mr. Greer. Now you get triple this salary. Exclusive health benefits. Company
car. A few other things. Can't wait for this one. Hi. One sec. Come in. I heard your wife
works here now. I'd like to meet her. Yeah of course. Well obviously she's busy right
now. Yeah you know Dan I'm really busy right now myself. So why don't you excuse me please.
Alright. But I expect to meet her soon. Son may not seem like it. I want you to
succeed. Actually I wasn't close enough. We have to go dress shopping. I've been so busy
these past couple days. I literally haven't had time to even think about what I'm
wearing for my wedding. Relax. Gotta cover. Observe the vest from me. Amy. Looks like
he just saw a ghost. Congratulations Mr. and Mrs. Greer. Where are my manners? We
haven't met yet. I'm Trevor Anderson. Your name doesn't ring a bell. Mind if I
ask for you with? I'm with Holland Limited. Mr. Greer. Oh. Thought I invited the CEO. Mr.
Kavanak could not make it. His million dollar mastiff got parvo. So he's been at
the vet all week trying to save his investment. So I will be taking over the
merger and acquisitions deal from this point forward. Just how I'm hearing about
that. Alright well I guess we'll talk about at our meeting Mr. Anderson. Yes you
will. You will. Congratulations again. I'm checking out your lavish lifestyle
Amelia while your brother and your mother rot away in a shit hole. You are my
only sister. We are family. Could you imagine if we had all this money? No.
Get the hell out of here. Oh yeah you're tearing me apart here. Hey your hands off my
wife. Oh yeah you're tearing me apart here. Hey get your hands off my wife. Oh relax
Mr. Greer. I was just telling your wife how lucky she is to have a wonderful
successful husband like you. Okay Mr. Anderson why don't we draw a line between
a business and personal affairs. Well love too. Mr. Greer I'll be seeing you on
Monday. I think he was just teasing. How do you two know each other again? Shit. Mr.
Greer. Your father would like to see you. Alright I'll be back. Five million dollars
of company money on a wedding. You serious? Is your way of congratulating me? Don't toy
with me boy. Don't forget you're the one who asked for this. Besides it's like
one-tenth of what you spent golfing with your mistress. Remember that? I
remember because that's all you did when I had my three years ago. Her family could
be drowning in debt. Don't talk about my wife like that. You didn't love yours? That
gives you no right to talk about mine. I'm so sorry I lied to you now. Trevor stop. What's wrong
Sis? I can't do this. It's not right. I can't do it anymore. You are kidding right? I
really really wish you didn't say that. Just mommy back at the house. You're a little bitch.
Saver strength. Give me tons of manners. It's your fucking throat. Mom get up. We're taking you
to the hospital. What you did Amelia if it weren't for you mom wouldn't be in this
state. Trevor you are my only brother. I mean you should be the man of this family. All
you do is wreak havoc on us. I told you this would happen. Do not pin this on me.
The information on this Amy Clark. There is an Amy Clark reporter missing in the area.
Dig deeper. I'm so sorry for everything. Next time. Try to do what your brother asks okay.
I can't throw it off. How does she go? Fucking kill Trevor Cindy. He's sweet.